Lord Guozhi oh oh
It's Ma Liang
Meet the imperial master brother
Please take a seat, hahaha.
kid
Ma Liang doesn't know what advice the imperial teacher called me here for?
Ma Liang Xiaoyou
What do you think of my Rakshasa Kingdom?
How do you want me to tell the truth?
Still telling lies
Hahaha, of course you can speak freely.
Then I'm not welcome.
In my opinion, this Rakshasa Kingdom
It's rotten to the bone.
Why is fat beautiful?
Distorted human nature
The bridge of the nose is a slave
Pretend to be elegant
A place like this.
Why can't I like it?
Hahahaha
You're right actually.
Then you see
What about the dancers in my national teacher's mansion?
Oops, these are not bad
It's normal
Stupid pussy is here
Rakshasa Kingdom, I set the rules
Must be heavy enough
Those with a big enough belly are citizens
Hey, but have you thought about it?
If a country is not negative enough
How can we feed those fat people?
Ridiculous you are ghost festival
That's because those who are obese compare normal people
As a so-called pariah
You get fatter by sucking their blood
That's right, haha.
That's why.
Our country master
Every once in a while
It will attract some Jianmin to enter
In that case
It gives them hope
There is another place to go
Haha, there won't be many complaints.